Router-Java-API
===============
The module is about automation of copying and restoring of configuration files of devices (routers in most of the cases) connected to the network.The module is the backend for the web interface which allows injecting commands into the telnet terminal through user interface. Generally such kinds of modules or programs are called automation modules. Telnet is a network protocol used on the Internet or local area networks (LAN) to provide a bidirectional interactive text-oriented communication facility using a virtual terminal connection. User data is interspersed in-band with Telnet control information in an 8-bit byte oriented data connection over the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP). In this project very famous Expect tool is used for injecting commands into telnet terminal. Expect is an extension to the Tcl scripting language written by Don Libes, is a program to automate interactions with programs that expose a text terminal interface. Expect was originally written in 1990 for Unix systems, but is now also available for Microsoft Windows and other systems. It is used to automate control of interactive applications such telnet, ftp, passwd, fsck, rlogin, tip, ssh, and others. Expect uses pseudo terminals (Unix) or emulates a console (Windows), starts the target program, and then communicates with it, just as a human would, via the terminal or console interface. The project involves connecting to the required device via telnet client utility using expect library and then executing some commands to make a backup of configuration files of the device on the server.
